New Resource: aws_sagemaker_endpoint_configuration (#2477)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/sagemaker_endpoint_configuration.html.markdown

---
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_sagemaker_endpoint_configuration"
sidebar_current: "docs-aws-resource-sagemaker-endpoint-configuration"
description: |-
  Provides a SageMaker endpoint configuration resource.
---

# aws_sagemaker_endpoint_configuration

Provides a SageMaker endpoint configuration resource.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```hcl
resource "aws_sagemaker_endpoint_configuration" "ec" {
    name = "my-endpoint-config"

    production_variant {
        variant_name            = "variant-1"
        model_name              = "${aws_sagemaker_model.m.name}"
        initial_instance_count  = 1
        instance_type           = "ml.t2.medium"
    }

    tags {
        Name = "foo"
    }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Optional) The name of the endpoint configuration. If omitted, Terraform will assign a random, unique name.
* `production_variants` - (Required) Fields are documented below.

> * `kms_key_id` - (Optional) KMS key to encrypt the model data.

Reviewer: Matching the [Sagemaker API Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/API_CreateEndpointConfig.html#SageMaker-CreateEndpointConfig-request-KmsKeyId) (and suggested rename above)

```suggestion
* `kms_key_arn` - (Optional) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of a AWS Key Management Service key that Amazon SageMaker uses to encrypt data on the storage volume attached to the ML compute instance that hosts the endpoint.
```

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

The `production_variant` block supports:

> * `variant_name` - (Optional) The name of the variant. If omitted, Terraform will assign a random, unique name.

Reviewer: Nit: These attributes should be alphabetically sorted either as a whole or required first then optional
